README.md, before:

# My Projects Repository

Welcome to my Projects Repository! This is a centralized collection of all the projects I have worked on, covering various domains and technologies. I have organized these projects for easy navigation and understanding.

## 📌 About
This repository serves as a showcase of my skills and experience in software development, machine learnig. Each project is written in Google Colab, so the typical project directory structure (src, data, models, docs) may not apply here. Instead, each project is contained within a single, well-documented Colab notebook.

## 🚀 Project Categories
- **Machine Learning Projects:** Implementations of ML algorithms, data preprocessing, model training, and deployment.
- **Deep Learning Projects:** Advanced models using Neural Networks.
- **NLP Projects:** Natural Language Processing projects focusing on text analysis, sentiment analysis, text generation, and more.


## 🌟 Featured Projects (Click the Title For Code)
- **[Sentiment Analysis](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1s0cIJ-d3kNy7MNvHf4P0dzYmuH9IDOf6?usp=sharing)** - Sentiment analysis model using sentence transformers and a simple neural network with two hidden layers, each having a ReLU activation function. The model currently is 80% accurate.
- **[Linear Regression From Scratch](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/17GbaRmudM5v08ENQgkANDvFegYS8GLZQ?usp=sharing)** - Implemented a simple linear regression model from scratch with Scikit-Learn.
- **[SkillCheck](https://github.com/Gokul-sc/SkillCheck)** - Made a quiz AI feedback web app which uses the Groq API to continuously give feedback to the user after each quiz.

## Contact Information
- **Name:** P Gokul Sree Chandra
- **Email:** polavarapugokul@gmail.com
- **LinkedIn:** [Gokul Sree Chandra](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gokulsreechandra/)
- **Portfolio Website:** [GokulAIx](https://soft-truffle-eada3e.netlify.app/)

Commit message:

Added Truth? A Fake News Detector Model

README.md, after:

# My Projects Repository

Welcome to my Projects Repository! This is a centralized collection of all the projects I have worked on, covering various domains and technologies. I have organized these projects for easy navigation and understanding.

## 📌 About
This repository serves as a showcase of my skills and experience in software development, machine learnig. Each project is written in Google Colab, so the typical project directory structure (src, data, models, docs) may not apply here. Instead, each project is contained within a single, well-documented Colab notebook.

## 🚀 Project Categories
- **Machine Learning Projects:** Implementations of ML algorithms, data preprocessing, model training, and deployment.
- **Deep Learning Projects:** Advanced models using Neural Networks.
- **NLP Projects:** Natural Language Processing projects focusing on text analysis, sentiment analysis, text generation, and more.


## 🌟 Featured Projects (Click the Title For Code)
- **[Sentiment Analysis](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1s0cIJ-d3kNy7MNvHf4P0dzYmuH9IDOf6?usp=sharing)** - Sentiment analysis model using sentence transformers and a simple neural network with two hidden layers, each having a ReLU activation function. The model currently is 80% accurate.
- **[Linear Regression From Scratch](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/17GbaRmudM5v08ENQgkANDvFegYS8GLZQ?usp=sharing)** - Implemented a simple linear regression model from scratch with Scikit-Learn.
- **[SkillCheck](https://github.com/Gokul-sc/SkillCheck)** - Made a quiz AI feedback web app which uses the Groq API to continuously give feedback to the user after each quiz.
- **[Truth??](https://github.com/GokulAIx/Fake_News_Detector)** - A lightweight Streamlit app that classifies news headlines as real or fake using a PyTorch model.
- 
## Contact Information
- **Name:** P Gokul Sree Chandra
- **Email:** polavarapugokul@gmail.com
- **LinkedIn:** [Gokul Sree Chandra](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gokulsreechandra/)
- **Portfolio Website:** [GokulAIx](https://soft-truffle-eada3e.netlify.app/)
